Add pip specific content contribution rosdep rules for Gentoo (#29909)
ros/rosdistro: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Links to Distribution Packages

> <!-- Replace the REQUIRED areas and state not available for IF AVAILABLE 

Reviewer: I find this sentence confusing.  How about:

```suggestion
<!-- Replace the REQUIRED areas with the URL to the package.  For IF AVAILABLE areas, either put in the URL to the package or state 'not available'.
```
